# OSR_SAR
SAR Target Recognition with Limited Training Samples in Open Set ConditionsSAR Target Recognition with Limited Training Samples in Open Set Conditions.
## Link
https://doi.org/10.3390/s23031668
It is difficult to collect training samples for all types of synthetic aperture radar (SAR) targets. A realistic problem comes when unseen categories exist that are not included in training and benchmark data at the time of recognition, which is defined as open set recognition (OSR). Without the aid of side-information, generalized OSR methods used on ordinary optical images are usually not suitable for SAR images. In addition, OSR methods that require a large number of sam- ples to participate in training are also not suitable for SAR images with the realistic situation of collection difficulty. In this regard, a task-oriented OSR method for SAR is proposed by distribution construction and relation measures to recognize targets of seen and unseen categories with limited training samples, and without any other simulation information. The method can judge category similarity to explain the unseen category. Distribution construction is realized by the graph convo- lutional network. The experimental results on the MSTAR dataset show that this method has a good recognition effect for the targets of both seen and unseen categories and excellent interpretation ability for unseen targets. Specifically, while recognition accuracy for seen targets remains above 95%, the recognition accuracy for unseen targets reaches 67% for the three-type classification prob- lem, and 53% for the five-type classification problem.
